OSDOCS-6442 Secure token usage with oc client while doing oc login (#61984)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oauth-default-clients.adoc

|`openshift-challenging-client`
|Requests tokens with a user-agent that can handle `WWW-Authenticate` challenges.

|'openshift-cli-client'

> | Requests tokens with a user-agent using an authorization code via the web browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Requests tokens by using a localhost HTTP server fetching an authorization code grant.
```

Reviewer 2: @stlaz did you maybe mean "local HTTP server"?

Reviewer 2: @stlaz did you maybe mean "local HTTP server"?

Reviewer: either is fine with me

|`openshift-challenging-client`
|Requests tokens with a user-agent that can handle `WWW-Authenticate` challenges.

> |'openshift-cli-client'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`openshift-cli-client`
```
Can see above we are using `backtick`.

Author: Good catch, thank you!
